sup guys its Bob it here and I just want
to make a base tour on frame pvp calm 50
and I'm with static boards today hey and
um t5's in the call but he just left so
I'm like like so yeah yeah so I just
want to show our base is off so it's my
soup base I'm gonna start going to start
off by showing the vault by n vault this
is my angle my armor my cup for my chain
mail education three my prep to spawners
city and swords pics those my sharp for
iron sword and a crap ton of extra soup
or potions and my kit TV no static okay
did I put your head thanks man yes
easier 95 I'm record home I'm doing
based all right now I'm recording right
now and so this are amazingly beautiful
ass home his head static 85 you like my
head yeah I like the hair it's like yes
I driver beautiful at home shut up diva
double duty is it mean hell you're
wearing my head and I'm like look like
Bob is just like our
this is like our PP bank this is where
all our stuff goes from pvping like iron
armor except for a good stuff that you
saw what the vault is and then so
there's one level here and then there's
a staircase that goes up to hear the
whole second level you can have a look
at it and then up here goal is to just
spawner and then up here is the Headroom
all of our heads this t5 sidewall OOP
but I'm putting my head there because
i'm too lazy there are you AFK from my
spawner and an over he up here if we
keep going up staircase i'm lagging is
the nether wart farm and underneath
another work farm mmm with the people
another word firm and lots honors 1 21
which is currently that's how much we
have so if you want to donate you know
skeleton spawner or a zombie spawner to
us that would be much appreciated and we
would love you forever right Dee five
yeah right you ruined it all yes those
are based I don't think I don't think I
have any more basis besides this one no
it's almost gonna let me phone yeah I
just want to do a quick based or around
the wall I don't wanna know they did
where I here's my under test by the way
my protection heidi sanchez play got
apple guy pick some bobby submission
cows duh mushin mushrooms some
protection floor i still haven't quite
decided what I'm gonna do for giveaway
because i haven't quite got a lot yet
probably going to do a set a prop for
the sharpness for
or something yeah probably just gonna do
one prize i'm not going to do three
prizes so you can still feel me if you
haven't applied yet and then go back to
the other video you give away that yo
and put your in-game name there because
i won't be taking any names from any
other videos except for AV 10,000 video
view giveaway video so um yeah i'm
speaking on price and also in our
probably next video lat on the wind
which would be cool and i'm also working
out a pvp montage julie is coming up
next and yeah so don't forget to check
out static voices and t5's channel
comment rate and subscribe on the video
a like is always appreciated and i will
see you next i guess peace and love you